what's up guys Eggers in here another
day another what's this this is a team
deathmatch on crisis and i'm using the
mp5k you know on this count you know a
goes in i'm playing on a goes in at the
moment and on this car I just I just run
and play with you know the mp5k every
single map i play on i'm using the mp5k
apart from jungle i mean if you use the
mp5k on jungle is just a really bad idea
i know people have done it and they get
good scores but you know it's just it's
just best not to do that you know I'm
saying but still you know he's a famous
or you know whatever gonna have unlocked
i'm only level 30 other member money
goes in the you know the PSN and you
know my main account is MK 9 05 and that
is like eight prestige which is quite
you know lots of people are 15 prestige
i know that yeah well i don't really
play this game that much or any games
the ps3 that often so you know a
prestige is quite high for my standard
anyway but yeah guys I still got space
on a goes in so you still can't add me
on the PSN a goes in and I've got like
20 spaces left cuz on the ps3 you can
only have 100 friends and on the Xbox
I'm not sure how many you can have but
yeah it's 100 on the ps3 and I've I've
nearly spastic I've nearly got up to it
I've got like 20 spaces left so go ahead
and add me and we could play some games
because you know we actually get good
scores i'm on a win streak as well right
now so that is brilliant man um what win
streak is on I things like 20-30 I don't
know someone like that so I want to
continue it in that manner and hopefully
that will just work out you know but
yeah guys um about three weeks ago i'm
not sure to man but I'm three go I
reckon ask you guys question and that
was what is your favorite kill streak
and um um I'm not exactly shocked about
this but I thought a lot of you would
say that you know like the chopper
gunner tat dogs and all that but it
turns out a lot of you said the
Blackbird I mean everyone said like two
of each kill streak but the Blackbird
got 16 people say in the Blackbird which
is
actually quite good you know considering
them out of comments ago I was like 105
comments so 16 people to say that that's
like a seventh I think of the people
same black bow which is quite high
considering like how many kills drinks
there are and for those who don't know
in modern warfare 3 the Blackbird is now
going to be a 12 killstreak sort of an
atl street because a killstreak you know
so easy to care and it was like a game
decider you know whoever got the batboat
first was gonna win that's basically how
it worked unless you know you had really
shit teams and their their associate I
mean but you know it does help so much
like everyone on your team gets it so
you know it just decides the game and
I'm it's good they're moving up to 12 so
it's kind of like a nuke in a way
because it's just a game designer who
wins and why not well you know obviously
not if it's the domination but I'm
talking team deathmatch because team
deathmatches all what I play I mean I
just love how fast-paced it is and you
know you don't exactly know where they
are I mean was domination is just so
predictable what's going on and the
games are just too long I mean they're
not exactly that long I mean they're
like around eight minutes and all that
but it's just too long for my channel
don't really want speed up much of it so
unless you know the domination is going
to be less than six minutes then you
know it needs to be less than six
minutes it's going on my channel and
that's not very likely to happen so i
just ate of team deathmatch because i
like short short and sweet gameplays and
get turned on bitch that's why i play
you know Team Deathmatch and I just
liked it so much I might have to start
doing on ground walls and all that
because that would be quite fun as well
I'm done that in about three months or
something I don't know anyway guys if
you want to get your comment features in
the next video answer this question and
that is what top three games are you
going to get before 2012 ends and for me
personally I'm gonna get modern warfare
3 of course you know just mad in the
core GT series and smackdown vs. warm
maybe i'm not i'm not entirely sure i
mean i haven't played that game in a
while so we'll see how it goes and then
definitely tekken tag two I've got every
single Tekken I you know it's a game I
grew up basically you know since like
tech and one it was it was really good
and fun and enjoyable so
you know definitely again we're going to
get tekken tekken tag one was was beast
so you know i'm gonna post it on my
channel hopefully you guys weren't mine
hopefully some of you are actually taken
fans and yeah it's just really good
fighting game i'm not too into the
Mortal Kombat series I don't know I
never really got into that game but you
know Tekken was just crazy and I liked
it so much so I'm definitely gonna be
paying that I'm not too sure about
Tekken old street fighter vs tekken
because it's going to be it's going to
be different it's going to be like that
street fighter engine so i don't know
but if you are interested in tekken let
me know in the comment section below and
that will be exelon to see you guys I
did learn French you thought I went all
the way to France and it learned single
word of French come on now no I'm joking
that is this just the English word with
an extra e at the end as she's probably
a French word i'm not i'm not entirely
sure don't quote me on that but still
guys were coming up here in the game
what a bad time to die thanks for
watching guys a goes in going out on 27
and for see you guys but well done
pure18 des i could put it jam for the
gym